Just now you were going to do Ou Chenghao Johnson & Johnson Medical Technology
Self-closing from now on
Don't make me do it
Miss Ye
Don't bump into me.
My whole family still depends on the company to survive
Please!
Give us a break
Shut up
kneel down
What should I do if I have money after I go out?
It's useless for me to kneel
Kneel Chen Hao
Such a scum
I am not qualified to be under the property of my Ye family
engagement party
Somebody kick them out for me
Chen Hao, wait for me
I won't let you go.
Miss Ye
Are you really testifying for a labor prisoner?
I really have to bow to him
Lin Yuxuan
Do you really think I dare not touch Lingshi?
Sorry I didn't mean that.
Since today has come to this point
Then I'll tell you something
I am Chen Hao's fiancee